
i recently joined an exciting mobile app startup in Oslo. Great people, great idea, but lackluster excecution. The codebase had no structure which was due to inexperience and irresponsible developers. No culture for producing high quality code. No infrastructure to build a high quality code culture. 3 years in and their code should have been tossed 2 years ago when it was last updated in a meaningfull way. the last two years it had been on lifesupport mode piling on more and more features without fixing crusial breaking issues. I dont have any indepth information why it had become this way,  i can only speculate that it was because there simply wasnt any incentive to fix issues. It was probably more encouraged to add sexy features even though that app crashed on the simplest operation. OFten right after you opened it.

Judging by the commit history, superficial and cosmetic additions had been prioritised over impactfull and important issues. It was a wildy beast of a codebase with code smells and bugs wherever you looked. Rumour has it, that after the initial coders had left the company for other ventures, the entire codebase had been sent to a third-world country in order to add features and migrate the codebase to the latest language API. Which of-course made the codebase even worse than it was before and the little love that was put into the code was now all but gone. When I started at the company I was asked to add a few simple features and one that would entail major changes to the codebase. Whoever had come up with the tasks to be completed obviously had no insight into how the codebase would never support such a feature without a complete rewrite of major components touching almost every facet of the application, and would have never had asked for the feature to be added. In the begining I just wrote the 3 features i had been tasked with in isolated projects, so that I could show that I could work quickly and prototype modules with high code quality. When it was time to implement the features into the project codebase, I first attempted to refactor the current codebase. The core parts of the app consisted of Mega files often with 2-3000+++ lines of code all jumbled together with out structure. TBH its the worst code ive ever seen. I spent 2-3 weeks refactoring the codebase down to files that was managable to read. The structure was now usable but there was still no structure and the so called cyclomatic complexity just wasnt fixable. classes often had hundreds of variables which made state impossible to deal with in a meaningful way. So i reasoned that it would take 2-3 months to refactor into high quality code with out bugs, or I could spend a few weeks to rewrite the app from scratch, with high quality code that would scale and have zero bugs. The former option would be compltly destroy my morale and it would be decremental to my programing abilities. The later would probably never be sanctioned by managment as they had little insight into how bad the codebase was. As the app it self wasnt very complex i figured if I worked really fast I could re-write the entire app in a few weeks. So I went rouge and just took a stab at it, trying to delay deliverables as best as I could. After about a month the core of the app was fully working, with a codebeat GPA: A (3.21 of 4.0) The legacy codebase mostly had GPA of F with bellow 1.6 in GPA. 
