

### A github for everyone
Maybe someone on your team that isn't a developer discover a bug. Giving non developers access to github repos enables them to first check if a similar issue is already present, if not then create a github issue. Ask the core devs on the project, with @ tagging, if it can be fixed. Then the developers on the project will investigate the issue discussing urgency / priority / complexity and finally assigning a priority to the issue and then with @ tagging politly ask if someone has time to solve it, . If the issues piles up and there are tens or hundreds of issues, then its probably a good sign that the codebase is lacking code quality or lack of allocated time for maintance of the codebase. Once an issue is fixed, the issue is closed and a link to the Pull-requst that fixed the problem is added to the bottom of the issue. Keeping a tight ship is make it or break it when your builidng complex software entities involving many people / teams / dependencies. The point of all this is that the problem is presented front and center, the issue finder gets credit for finding the issue, bonus points for adding a description about what led to the error. Who ever investigates the issue and finds additional information about the issue gets credit for time spent. 

Let everyone be involved in making the product, its infinity more rewarding helping building something if its noticed and the effort is recorded and timestamped in the commit history of the project. In my opinion everyone on the team should have read and write access to all projects on github. If someone comes up with a feature that should be added then this can be added as a feature request in issue. Tagged feature or enhancement. Adding feature as issues also has the added effect that people cant request the idea twice, because it would already be added and closed. 

Finally github coupeling the project. Issues can have link pointers to PR's that solve them, PR's can have links to wiki posts that explain the rational behind the PullRequst. Wikipages can have links to design assets in other repositories in the github organization etc. Or API documentation. Everything stored as markdown which is easily editable with full commit history of who added/edited what. 

Everything that is relevant for the project. API documentation readme files, UX / Design assets, Beause everything on github allows team-mates to comment and discuss changes and additions. Involving the coders in the design process of features and products are crucial when it comes to calculating the liklyhood of its accomplishable or not. Not involving the person that is finally going to be making the product is a recipe for disastaster both in terms of motivation and in terms of gauging excepectations and timeframe of completion. 


The power of having everything under one roof. A workflow I enjoy on github is storing .gif .jpg and even .svg directly in a repo and using urls similar to https://rawgit.com/repo-name/img/master/ and svgs via 

I spend 100% of my business hours on github, call me a native githubber, i manage my career on github as oppose to linkdin. I get most of my freelance inqueries and job oppertunities as a result of my visibility on github. Frankly github is what puts bread on the table. 
Just like how maintaing a relevant dribbble profile is crusial for a graphic designers and having songs on soundcloud is vital for aspiring musicians. Is your work impactful? Do you write with the highest standard of the industry? Education, work experience and network still count, to a degree, but its probably only a matter of time before unbiased CI quality bots are applied to student exams. Imagine students getting a grade seconds after they "commit" their exam. Ai bots analysing meaning, grammar, impactfullness and degree of plagarism in nano seconds. 