### Asymmetrical success 🦄
Build something epic and they will come. On the contrary, Sindre Sorhus as built a reputation for building software over time. slowly building traction and publicity around what he makes. Meticulously churning out small improvements to obscure modules that makes up the array of digital products he now manage in his github profile. Sindre has understood that products doesn't have to be shipped when they are ready, but are rather shipped over time, with live feed-back as [bugs present them selfs](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gifski-app/issues/40). Popularity and success are properties that usually arrive very asymmetrically. Sindre has understood that many small streams can form a big river. His currently at nr.13 on the [global-github leader-board](http://git-awards.com/users) in front of Trillion dollar conglomerates such as Apple, Microsoft and Google. Everything that he codes/writes/supports adds to the overall feedback loop of his umbrella organization, spanning 100s of developers from all over the world chipping in for free, all the while he masterfully manages it all on github usually from a cafe in Thailand. 🏝🍹

### The most important feature is trust 🤞
Building a github profile is also about trust. Would you rather use a free closed source app from a random developer on the AppStore. Or would you use an OSS app from github by sindre sorhus, which depends on maintain his reputation that he has built over many years, and if where broken could probably never rebuild again. In this day an age where it’s getting harder and harder to make money from apps many devs are tempted to syphon a little private information or even worse install backdoors or spam-ware.

### A word about linkdin 😱
Forget linkdin. Linkdin is for careerists and hierarchy climbers, who spent way to much on university tuitions and needs to recoup some of the wasted money. It’s a cess pool of past tense. Linkdin is a bunch of fancy titles and entitlements. Great so you were a CBO/CTO/CMO at company XYZ and led a huge team. Then how come when I visit your github profile there is no evidence of this brilliance, nothing that stands out, just a bunch of unedited forks. An active github profile says something about a developers ability to ship. If we want to move away from a world where jobs are inherited and nepotism runs strong, we need to embrace what people can actually do, not what they say they can do. Github is an even playing-field where everyone has access to the same resources as everyone else in the world. Show me a piece of code you built on github and it will tell me more than any CV or recommendation letter ever can. The commit history doesn't lie. Just show me something you shipped. 

### Shipping to stay relevant 🚀 
With AI on the horizon and a shrinking pool of available jobs. Maintaining a relevant github profile is more important than ever. Technology moves faster and faster and people that stops shipping relevant projects will be replaced by someone with more relevant abilities. There is a theory floating around that humanity will come up with new jobs once the superfluous jobs disappear. I guess time will tell, but in the mean time staying relevant is all we can do. 


