My notes on bundle id<!--more-->

### Universal Purchase
Apple now allows you to use a single bundle ID for Mac and iOS apps through Universal Purchase:

The macOS version of your app can now be included in a universal purchase, allowing customers to enjoy your app and in‑app purchases across iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS by purchasing only once. Get started by using a single bundle ID for your apps in Xcode and setting up your app record for universal purchase in App Store Connect.

To distribute your apps together as a universal purchase, your apps need to use a single bundle ID and be associated with the same app record in App Store Connect. After you upload a build to App Store Connect, **you can’t change the bundle ID or delete the App ID** in your developer account.

Your app will be available as a universal purchase after at least two platform versions are approved by App Review. Once this is done, **you cannot disable universal purchase** or **remove a single platform version** from the app record.

### Offering Universal Purchase
Upload your apps to the app record using a single bundle ID. While the bundle ID must match the bundle ID you enter in App Store Connect, the apps can have different **version numbers** and **build strings**.

### Multiple App Records.
If your app is currently available on multiple platforms through separate app records, please note that app records can’t be merged. To offer universal purchase, remove all but one version from sale and add the other versions to the remaining app’s record.

### Release, beta, alpha
- its possible to have many versions of the same app on a phone by using different bundle-ids.
- ref: https://12ft.io/proxy?ref=&q=https://www.kodeco.com/books/ios-app-distribution-best-practices/v1.0/chapters/9-build-customizations
```
co.company.MyApp
co.company.MyApp.beta
co.company.MyApp.alpha
```

### Resources:
- Universal purchase: https://developer.apple.com/support/universal-purchase/
