My notes on how to run most of your company on github<!--more-->.

### Digital wood chopping
Committing code is a little like wood chopping. After a long and sweaty day in the forest, struggling with bugs and tooling that fails you when you least expect it, you finaly see result as a stack of lumber, which closly translates to a stack of commits in the digital realm. One on piece of wood stacked on top of the other. It's satisifying to see. Some lumps are torny and still has twigs sticking out. Similar to how some commits are rough around the edges and could be improved with some pruning. The end result of your hard work is visble to the naked eye, and you have something to show for your hard work, something to show managment, co workers and your self. A chunk of work written into the history that says something about who you are, what choices you made, what shortcuts where taken and exactly how much effort you put into it. 2 weeks of work that can be investigated, probably something you wont be proud of 2 years from now but that doesn't matter. The work is there for your entire company to see and it will fuel your motivation in next programing endevour to come. Sometimes your work is apploauded other times its critizised and improved by your coolegues and peers. And other times you can feel like your head is always tipping under water, and your struggeling to breath because the tasks keep coming in and your having trouble finding a foothold to keep up with the ever increasing complexity and scope. Estimating tasks becomes more difficult, but by using the commit history and pull-request comment threads from the last completed task you are able to give a more accurate estimate. Maybe there were bottlenecks you had to overcome like happened in commit id: `dv7e22` and also in `ku3ce`. Estimates are complex, and are increasing in complexity as a project grows. Simply asking for estimates doesn't cut it anymore. Managment has to be integrated  where the work happens, not simply be asigners and time keepers. Non-techinical managers needs to keep up with the times and learn how to look under the hood (aka read commit descriptions) and be able to understand consequences of organizational friction and bottlenecks when producing software. 

<Insert wood-chopping image here>

//This took 10 days to chop down. I estimated it would be completed over a single weekend. Next time I'll estimate better ;) 

