The swift dependency manager<!--more--> 

## Manifest
The dependency manager that produce binaries from nested .frameworks

## Abstract:
Your project is the ship. The manifest is the ship-manifest-document detailing what is with-in the ships cargo. Wheat ðŸŒ¾, gold ðŸ‘‘ or dragon-fire. ðŸ‰

## The concept: 
Github repos are not tainted with stray dependency files. Instead a single Mainifest file is stored in the end users projects with the information about how to build. Third-party owners may provide dependency tree information about their project in a github wiki or install section in the readme.md file. Manifest contains all info about how to build frameworks and their sub-dependencies. The end user is responsible for dragging these into their project. 

.framework Binaries are added to a folder named ``/cargo``

- Cargo is aliased in each build folder  
- Xcode projects are generated with build paths  

**Manifest file looks like this:**    

```
Device:mac
eonist/element
   eonist/swift-utils
```

- Inner frameworks are built first
- Drag and drop the Manifest file onto Manifest.app (applescript wrapper)
- Manifest is written in .applescript and downloads code from github via applescript ->shell -> bash -> git
- Manifest only requires that xcode is installed

Future works: Manifest GUI app: TreeList browsing of dependencies, Green light indicates that dependency is "OK"

### Resources:

Building a framework from terminal is actually quite simple: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24798423/xcodebuild-fails-to-build-from-terminal-but-succeeded-from-xcode